Tell me guys, what's up there?
video then you are another company in
in this video is a continuation of the mode
career, right?
continuing the series and this
sharing is playing against the river
the rockets from here I played it well
I even helped the team to
victory and all the traffic here for you
are forest from here the hair
It went well the ball stole the ball in the
attack
wrong
but then I ended up playing well and it was not
A match is so hard, it went well.
played during the game but
At the end we managed to open a
good advantage and we ended up
victory at home was important
the exchange rate and the Chinese if another kiss
glasses around what is joão
rodrigues best choice neon indian wells
in 6 nuno roque a fault in both
previous right
that part of the gain plus a few minutes
on the court so I could be taking advantage
more and more as I walk and second
assists
So try other games that I
I played also that I had brought her, I already won.
more minutes at each match then it was
That's what I said at night.
previous
It's just you playing and that the traffic is going
giving opportunities
basically our part does not
I could hit a few balls of three
It's something that I was trying on the others.
So that's when you got an ounce, not me.
cheating and some other chances but
it ended up on the floor coming in but that's how I said it
is and improving the players increase
his skills that facilitates
enough but it is already quite enough already
has improved a lot since the first match
It's much easier to play now so it's
from there it was as if only seeing
we're missing out on a point it went well
during the year thereafter
only in ours the hot period gave a
started and we were able to
few of them is to open a greater and
with this to achieve another victory
it is also very difficult to win
matches of brazil including increasing
The difficulty level is to stay longer.
challenging but this is something to be
see after the long summer , matches are
You see you're very
It's very easy, I'll finish it.
increasing the difficulty
so this video is basically this
delaying the works from June ai
I hope you like it if I like it, I think
Shocked I liked it and signed up if
channel
So that's it , I'll stay here and say
and until the next league surf in our
routine and indy fans' only
belluschi flash was the game watch lipsticks
color and games will have né